OPEN THE DOOR
GET ON THE FLOOR
EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR
The amount of times I've read a wall of text just to get hit with the dinosaur... good times lol
BOOM BOOM AKALAKALAKA BOOM BOOM BOOM AKALAKA BOOM BOOM
The homie
Dinosaur 🦖
the tease is that the reward $ is my SIN
I'm in season 8
So much for everyone being so sure Cyclops was first because he'd be the 50th
Cyclops was absolutely going to be the June release to coincide with X-Men ‘97 season 2.
This is how I find out X-Men 97 is releasing in June lmao. I'm so ready
It’s coming out next month?! Had no idea but cannot wait for season 2
DINO BROS ARE EATING SEASON LAUNCH !!!
Finally! Now everyone can come to terms with the fact and accept it. People are doing Olympic levels of reaching to convince themselves that it’s not Devil Dinosaur when literally everything points to it.
Plot twist Kraven got him
So like this more or less confirms Cyclops then yea?
Yeah. Now the wait is gonna be what role he is. If Dino comes out first then the Cyclops Tank dream is gonna take a hit...
Cyclops was always coming. We just thought he'd be first.
Looks like he'll be first. Not great for Cyclops being a non-DPS.
Only 1.2 mil? For a live dinosaur? Get those numbers up.
Hell nah, I'm not catching a dinosaur for such a small sum.
YES YES YEEEEEEEEEES COME TO PAPA MY AUTISM INTEREST
I assume the last four numbers on the bounty is a reference to his first appearance in 1978. I don't know what the 117 is though.
I feel like this points to Cyclops being a duelist, then. Two consecutive duelist releases would spark outrage so it gets staggered by Vanguard Devil Dino releasing first.
Why do we need a new duelist every damn season?
Its insane. We've had 3 seasons with multiple duelists, none with the other two roles. Since release there have been 3 more duelists released (8) than the other two roles (5 each), to add to a roster that currently features more than half duelists (26 out of 51). The longest duelist has had to wait between heo releases is two half seasons, compared to 3 for Vanguards and 4 for Strategists.
I don't even really care to play Cyclops, I just need someone else to go tank.
Which basically confirms they're just turning Cyclops into the most boring dps of all time
make him a support with 4000 hp and he has friendly healing chomps
Ghost rider be looking different today
Why is everyone saying this means he’ll definitely be before Cyclops? Black Cat was teased just like this before last season, and she came out second.
X-Men '97 returns June so putting Cyclops there would serve to hype both the game and show at the same time. It's also likely that since DD is an obvious tank, Cyclops may be a DPS and they'll want to avoid controversy by not putting two DPS back to back.
Devil Dinosaur's first appearance was in 1/17/1978, that's awesome. I know most people are more excited for Cyclops but for me it's all about this guy.
no moon girl as expected
Moon girls voice actress posted this recently
Tomorrow the teaser right I am so happy I love DD since I found him as a kid and I know for a whole damn fact that’s he’s going to be a Vanguard
So this makes Devil Dinosaur the 2nd hero that was on the map 2 seasons before its debut, after Blade. Will this be a pattern?
Please for the love of all that is holy let it be a good main tank. We havent had a good main tank in so bloody long